chaincfg/chainhash/README.md, before:

chainhash
=========

[![Build Status](https://github.com/btcsuite/btcd/workflows/Build%20and%20Test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/btcsuite/btcd/actions)
[![ISC License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-blue.svg)](http://copyfree.org)
[![GoDoc](https://img.shields.io/badge/godoc-reference-blue.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/btcsuite/btcd/chaincfg/chainhash)
=======

chainhash provides a generic hash type and associated functions that allows the
specific hash algorithm to be abstracted.

## Installation and Updating

```bash
$ go get -u github.com/btcsuite/btcd/chaincfg/chainhash
```

## GPG Verification Key

All official release tags are signed by Conformal so users can ensure the code
has not been tampered with and is coming from the btcsuite developers.  To
verify the signature perform the following:

- Download the public key from the Conformal website at
  https://opensource.conformal.com/GIT-GPG-KEY-conformal.txt

- Import the public key into your GPG keyring:
  ```bash
  gpg --import GIT-GPG-KEY-conformal.txt
  ```

- Verify the release tag with the following command where `TAG_NAME` is a
  placeholder for the specific tag:
  ```bash
  git tag -v TAG_NAME
  ```

## License

Package chainhash is licensed under the [copyfree](http://copyfree.org) ISC
License.

Commit message:

chainhash: bump to v2
This bumps the major module version for chaincfg/chainhash to v2.  This
is needed to resolve an ambiguous import issue with the same package
existing in older revisions of the main btcd module.  Users who import
both a tagged revision of btcd prior to the chainhash module, as well as
another module such as btcd that requires the chainhash module may
be met with an ambiguous import error from the go tooling.

chaincfg/chainhash/README.md, after:

chainhash
=========

[![Build Status](https://github.com/btcsuite/btcd/workflows/Build%20and%20Test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/btcsuite/btcd/actions)
[![ISC License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-blue.svg)](http://copyfree.org)
[![GoDoc](https://img.shields.io/badge/godoc-reference-blue.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/btcsuite/btcd/chaincfg/chainhash/v2)
=======

chainhash provides a generic hash type and associated functions that allows the
specific hash algorithm to be abstracted.

## Installation and Updating

To add the dependency to your module, edit your go.mod or:

```bash
$ go get -d github.com/btcsuite/btcd/chaincfg/chainhash/v2@latest
```

## GPG Verification Key

All official release tags are signed by Conformal so users can ensure the code
has not been tampered with and is coming from the btcsuite developers.  To
verify the signature perform the following:

- Download the public key from the Conformal website at
  https://opensource.conformal.com/GIT-GPG-KEY-conformal.txt

- Import the public key into your GPG keyring:
  ```bash
  gpg --import GIT-GPG-KEY-conformal.txt
  ```

- Verify the release tag with the following command where `TAG_NAME` is a
  placeholder for the specific tag:
  ```bash
  git tag -v TAG_NAME
  ```

## License

Package chainhash is licensed under the [copyfree](http://copyfree.org) ISC
License.
